feat!: timeouts (#457)
Reed-CompBio/spras: docs/timeout.rst

##########
 Timeouts
##########

> SPRAS allows for per-algorithm timeouts, specified under the global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPRAS allows for optional per-algorithm timeouts, specified under the global
```

Reviewer: can you also add a sentence on what happens when timeout is not included?

configuration file. For example, to give the AllPairs algorithm a 1 day
timeout:

.. code:: yaml

   - name: "allpairs"
     include: true
     timeout: 1d

The timeout string parsing is delegated to `pytimeparse

> <https://pypi.org/project/pytimeparse/>`__, which allows for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://pypi.org/project/pytimeparse/>`__, (examples linked here). This allows for more
```
